#text to help viewer understand the plots
descriptive_text = "This visual allows you to select a player and view what percentile rank they are in each category relative to my full NBA draft dataset going back to the 2010-11 season (the first year BPM was calculated for college basketball). This data set does not include players if they were in college during the 2019-20 and 2020-21 seasons as these players have not played long enough to post a third year NBA BPM. The goal is to compare the current year's draft prospects to past draft prospects that stuck for at least 3 years in the NBA as well as one another. In conclusion, the percentile ranks were calculated with respect to (1) the 172 college prospects that played at least 75% of their team's games in any season from 2010-11 to 2018-19 and also posted a 3rd year BPM (2) other players in the current class. Obviously, this is not perfect data, but acquiring prospect data on the number of categories I did is tricky to say the least. These plots should serve to give a general idea of a current prospect's strengths and weaknesses compared to past prospects that stuck for at least a few years in the NBA."

descriptive_text2 = "One other important thing is that these percentiles are calculated by position. It would be unfair to compare the height of a PG to that of a C, so these percentiles are based on the player's position as well. Another thing to note is that high percentile rankings represent a strength in all cases in the visual. For the two columns Draft Age and TOV%, the desirable values are lower (younger and turn the ball over less). For these cases, I took 1 - percentile rank to ensure that high percentiles in these categories reflected a strength. So, in a mathematical sense, being in the 100th percentile of Draft Age means you are the oldest prospect; however, in my visual, being in the 100th percentile of Draft Age actually means you are the youngest prospect. If a player played multiple years in college, their stats in the dataset are a weighted average of all their college years with more weight being put on the most recent years."